I've got some chicken wings there guys
this one hmm
you're going to love it we're doing a
deep-fried chicken wings with a nice
little batter we're gonna season this
top little season it up late marinades
all kind of the things Christian
Caribbean part that come always a
pleasure to have you guys here in the
kitchen with me today we're doing my
take on something that our youngest
daughter Indy she enjoyed at maracas be
in Trinidad she's nothing to the big and
sharp thing who knows maybe she doesn't
like to see sharks get injured I don't
know man but big guns not good for this
today we're doing the chicken wings that
we purchased for her it came with some
french fries and some garlic sauce
Caribbean people love the garlic sauce I
have some links down at Caribbean pot
that come for that check that out but
today we do in the Caribbean style
deep-fried chicken wing so here we these
chicken wings were washed with some
fresh lemon juice i drained it and if
you will notice I also put up the sort
of tips off there go through it make
sure there's no feathers the last thing
you want to do is give people chicken
wings or feathers I'm going to go with
some salt Caribbean green seasoning and
I'll have a link for that in the
description of the video click on there
you'll get it a little bit of acid with
some ketchup some oyster sauce black
pepper and we're going to go in with a
little dash of curry powder give that a
good mix so it's all mixed up it's just
a matter of giving it time to marinate
now if you got some onion powder I would
go in with us maybe about a quarter
teaspoon of onion powder and there as
well see if a garlic powder if you want
to go with a little bit of garlic powder
you can do that let this marinate for a
couple hours and then we're going to get
to dusting them and fine I've got some
cornstarch in a ziploc bag here
some fresh ground black pepper a bit
more salt and all-purpose flour put that
in there tie it up and shake that around
this is what we're going to use for
dusting those wings before we fry them
up I've got about four cups of vegetable
oil coming up to temperature there and
as that comes up to temperature
over here what I'm going to do is I've
got two eggs in a bowl and that's not
typically will stop just to break that
up then I'm going to pour it all over my
seasoned chicken which has been
marinating and you want to toss that
around in there you want that egg to
cover all as much as you can off the
chicken pieces because that's what's
going to help that sort of dredging that
what I'm doing the flour combination our
seasoned flour stick to the chicken
wings so my oil is up to temperature now
you'll notice that I'm using a very wide
wok here simply because when I put the
chicken pieces in there it's not going
to splatter all over the stove on the
kitchen floor and counter and stuff like
that between me and you can dizzy yell
at me sometimes for that as make mess
anyways French jokes though so what I've
done is I've gone ahead and I've dusted
some of these wings in that lovely
dredge that we made and you don't want
to crowd the pan too much because the
last thing you want is the oil dropping
and temperature
basically all you do is grab a chicken
wing shake off as much as you can into
the bag probably do about four or five
of them at a time
in there just showing you guys seal it
up and then gently shake it up in there
just to coat the entire chicken with its
lovely seasoned drugs they've been going
now for about 1213 minutes I've been
tossing them so flipping them over from
time to time I'm looking for a nice
crispy skin they're fully cooked on the
inside now because of the high
temperature was frying that but I'm just
going to give it a few more minutes to
in total anywhere from about 15 to 18
minutes depending again on the size of
your chicken wings and we use that
cornstarch to help get that crispy skin
on the outside chicken wings all dressed
up and ready boy is fat tonight
that lovely sort of dip that I made as
well I'll have a link for that for you
guys these chicken wings are amazing
your boy already went in and tested a
few of them 15 minutes or so in that
friend and that hot oil flip them over
nice golden color take them out let them
drain I'll show you guys what I have
here if it's a while rock on a cookie
sheet and s let them drain off so you
can see all that oil that I got there
one more peek at those chicken wings
Chrissy a career in pod comm hope you
guys give this recipe a try remember to
click Subscribe all the latest videos
are going to be sent to you click
through to Carribean pot that comfort
this and over 300 other Caribbean
inspired and most of them traditional as
well recipes have a good one days